public opinion turns against superheroes
also called supers due to the collateral
damage caused by their crime-fighting
after several lawsuits the government
silently initiates the superhero
relocation program which forces supers
to permanently adhere to their secret
identities 15 years later Bob and Helen
Parr formerly known as mr. incredible
and Elastigirl
and their children violet - and baby
Jack Jack are a suburban family Bob
dislikes the mundanity of suburbia and
his white-collar job together with his
friend Lucius best formerly known as
Frozone Bob occasionally realized the
glory days by moonlighting as a
vigilante after his supervisor prevents
him from stopping a mugging Bob loses
his temper and injures him resulting in
the loss of his job
returning home Bob finds a message from
a mysterious woman named Mirage who
convinces him to become mr. incredible
again and gives him a mission to destroy
a savage tripod like a robot called the
omnijoin on the remote island of nome
Anacin Bob finds the omnijoin and
destroys it by tricking it into ripping
out its own power source Bob finds the
action and higher pay rejuvenating he
improves his relationship with his
family and begins a rigorous training
while awaiting more work from mirages
for the next two months discovering a
tear in his suit he visits superhero
costume designer Edna mode mode assuming
that Helen knows what bob is doing makes
new suits for the entire family leaving
for no madison once again bob discovers
mirage is working for buddy pine a
disaffected former fan whom mr.
incredible had rejected as his sidekick
having adopted the name syndrome he has
been perfecting the omnijoin by hiring
different supers to fight it adding new
features on the occasion that of super
wins now that it is capable of defeating
bob syndrome intends to send the machine
to the city of metro Ville there he will
secretly manipulate its controls to
defeat it in public becoming a hero
himself later he will sell his
inventions so that everyone will become
equally super making the term
meaningless meanwhile Helen visits Edna
and learns what bob has been up to
Edna activates a beacon she built into
the suit so Helen can find Bob
inadvertently causing him to be
discovered and captured Helen borrows a
private plane to head for new Manas on
the viola and - have stowed away wearing
their own suits
leaving jack-jack with the babysitter
syndrom shoots down Helens plane but she
and the
children survived and reached the island
helen infiltrates the base discovering
syndromes and tensions to send the
omnijoin
to metro Ville in a rocket distraught by
syndromes indifference when her life was
threatened Mirage releases Bob and
informs him of his family survival at
the same time helen arrives and races
off with bob to find their children
- and violet are spotted and chased by a
number of syndromes guards but fend them
off with their powers before reuniting
with their parents however Syndrome
captures them leaving them imprisoned on
no man ascend while he follows the
rocket to metro Ville the Parrs escaped
and traveled to metro Ville in a spare
rocket true to his programming thomna
joyed recognizes syndrome as an opponent
and attacks the remote on his wrist
making him incapable of controlling it
while simultaneously knocking him
unconscious the pars and Frozone team up
to fight the omnijoin the battle is
indecisive until Bob comes across the
remote allowing him to control one of
the robots arms and uses it to destroy
its power source returning home the pars
find syndrome who plans to kidnap and
raise Jack Jack as his own sidekick to
exact revenge on the family as Syndrome
is traveling upward to reach his
airplane Jack Jack's own superpowers
start to manifest and he escapes from
Syndrome midair syndrome manages to get
on the planing gloats but Bob throws his
own car towards the plane causing
syndrome to lose his balance and get
sucked into the plane's jet engine
destroying the aircraft and killing him
while helen catches jack jack three
months later the Parrs witnessed the
arrival of a new villain called the
Underminer
they put on their superhero masks ready
to face a new threat
[Music]